everyone knew that the brawl
today we find ourselves for a small
little more quickly because it's me
how if the pass
It's just going to be a
360 with his plateau and catch up
with the feet to start already for
trying to launch young people I had
good fake passes in what I
speak for example we import a lot
all think a good balance 26
common
firstly no password you know himself
unveils to oka have to try to do
turn the dac around the board
glaciers at first it's not easy you
go see it's going to be easy on the side of
things guy
it makes sense yes that's cultivate you
teach me the basics of the cave on
can already begin to practice
rotate your tech so the most
quickly possible you can not necessarily
as well as me here I am not going either
to throw flowers to my arms so to little
near this speed oman 4000 with the
arms etc
and then easy then get used to
really stay in the air at the moment when
you will face yes no matter
what tricks
before training well we get
directly from landing not wanting
touch that right away well stay in
air as long as possible
so there
just just a little talent yes since
like that
bluntly
that's what it's all about
looks after you may not know that
it was his weary voice and if the result
final
starts the best is to train to
trying to make this gesture stepped
so before on the left side of the barter
with the left foot there you are at
the back of the dec at the brake you
go throw with the foot and do your
pace so after you know you know
if you try to repeat this step
as long as you can in
Money really trying to be
relatively crazy regulars and after
with his 2 it's the same thing
it was for the throw is qualified
after with the hand here you understand
in the previous plan here that
really good laugh and rotate
then world knows how it matters and
it gave something like that
land very quickly on mi sol
a statement is frankly
the course of this and it's really
optimize it says it's good i'm going to do
will go into a loincloth state of mind you
go see it's going it's all by itself
so here we will continue a little bit
for example a rolling tried to do
as much as possible when their
injuries but a lot does it on the
ground apart it's not much of a final
and you will lose a lot and moment
it's really embarrassing to advance you
launched m
amusing
more possible since it really has to be
well of course your hood once you
are you okay now
to catch wip with your foot then
me a single check left and right
any of them
no matter what the meaning is, you have to try to
catch up with the foot really if you
are well trained well trained no no that
should be holding his first action
like that you started to understand
and feel the postponement
according to the most and that's all and
steps to train you
time g had it really in the foot
you really feel you can
put the cnc going to attack must really
do not be afraid while we have to
take shin tights and that's
really not worry it does not hurt
that's right and buses that make a
little bit afraid that before you manage believes
this video here are eight now you
see balls so that's it it's just
like that quietly he really
to go get second foot
really not hesitate to well that's good
inserts the second girl who arrives
try to bring as close as possible
you're going to try some stuff
like that you're shit that eight again
firefighters but really continue
continue it's really a
workouts there really is that and
after you are a simple moment and
santiago of stone is really
bring closer to the dec
at that moment we do not buy anything at all
hold thoroughly bottom blender this little block
who's going but it's the past or no matter
what a little walk and you try
to really train you place bion
key that asks for the cd see that
we really find these left not
really here the two years in order to
to regularize everything comes after your foot
right is the finish
once more g arrive well
theoretically a previous day
it happened there
the art of wood
every time I see it loose
continue you think well of the absence
well flexing again you avoid
crack sites yahoo reflex the press
7 What is economics